# Re: wxWidgets 2.9.0

Post by: satoshi on February 27, 2010, 09:22:53 PM

Quote from: Cdecker on February 27, 2010, 05:09:59 PM

> Looking through the source of 2.8.10 it appears that unicode is possible with that version too.

In the Windows world, "unicode" means UTF-16 (wchar).

2.8 has two build variations, ANSI and UTF-16 (unicode). &nbsp;The UTF-16 version is the "unicode" version provided in the Debian package. &nbsp;I believe 2.8 and its UTF-16 build labelled simply "unicode" has been the source of build problems described in the forum. &nbsp;We were previously using 2.8 ANSI in anticipation of getting to UTF-8 without going through UTF-16 hell. &nbsp;We cannot compile with UTF-16.

2.9 has only one version, UTF-8. &nbsp;On Windows, we set the codepage to UTF-8, so on all platforms our code is UTF-8 and wxWidgets interfaces with us in UTF-8. &nbsp;On Linux I assume the codepage is already UTF-8. &nbsp;By standardizing on 2.9 we avoid the multi-build confusion of 2.8, and we need 2.9 for UTF-8 internationalization.

Make sure you read build-unix.txt and configure wxWidgets using the configure parameters given.

Curious, why is it incredibly hard to provide wxWidgets 2.9.0? &nbsp;If you mean for users, that's why we static link it.

It's unfortunate that we require so many big dependencies, but we need them all. &nbsp;At least on Debian/Ubuntu, all but wxWidgets are available as packages. &nbsp;Eventually they'll provide a 2.9 package.

---

Source file: bitcoin-forum-satoshi-nakamoto.tgz

External link: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=65.msg571#msg571
