# Re: On IRC bootstrapping

Post by: satoshi on March 16, 2010, 07:48:47 PM

Thanks soultcer for talking with the Freenode staffer. &nbsp;Good to know it's OK at the current size, and now they know who we are. &nbsp;They're supportive of projects like TOR so I hope they would probably be friendly to us. &nbsp;We don't want to overstay our welcome. &nbsp;If we get too big, then by the same token, we're big enough that we don't need IRC anymore and we'll get off.

We only needed IRC because nobody had a static IP. &nbsp;In the early days there were some steady supporters, but they all had pool-allocated IPs that change every few days. &nbsp;IRC was only intended as a temporary solution. &nbsp;Bitcoin's built-in addr system is the main solution.

Bitcoin can get the list of IPs from any bitcoin node. &nbsp;In that sense, every node serves as a directory server.

When there are enough static IP nodes to have a good chance that at least one will still be running by the time the current version goes out of use, we can preprogram a seed list.

How do you think we should compile the seed list? &nbsp;Would it be OK to create it from the currently connected IPs that have been static for a while?

BTW, if we want to supplement by deploying separate directory server software, may I suggest IRC? &nbsp;IRC is a good directory server (I've heard it has other uses too), and there are mature IRC server implementations available that anyone can run. :) &nbsp;Bitcoin's IRC client implementation is already thoroughly tested.

---

Source file: bitcoin-forum-satoshi-nakamoto.tgz

External link: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=84.msg729#msg729
