# Re: Runaway CPU usage for 64bit BitCoin (Linux Client)

Post by: satoshi on July 14, 2010, 06:45:53 PM

After it initially tries incorrectly to set itself to the lowest priority, the generate thread only changes its priority again temporarily when it finds a block. &nbsp;When you've found a block, you should want it to hurry up and broadcast it as soon a possible before someone else finds one and makes yours invalid. &nbsp;The generate thread only changes to higher priority for less than a second every few days.

There should be a 0.3.1 release for this soon. &nbsp;There are a few other issues we need to look at fixing in 0.3.1 before making a release.

Quote from: knightmb on July 12, 2010, 10:39:13 PM

> On a side note, I've tracked down the other GUI issue.
>
> The "minimize to tray instead of taskbar" is what was eating up all the CPU on my system. After I turned this off, the issue was resolved with Runaway CPU.
>
> This only seems to affect the 64 bit Client, as the 32 bit Clients I have don't seem to be affected by this.
>
> I did notice on the 64 bit Client, what happens is, it spawns multiple "tray" icons until X server finally kills over, so I guess I should submit that as a bug to somewhere? &nbsp;???

That's interesting. &nbsp;I know the minimize to tray on Ubuntu is very clunky, but I didn't know it had a CPU peg problem too. &nbsp;Anyone else able to reproduce this problem? &nbsp;We had this feature disabled on Linux before, but then it seemed better to have the imperfect UI than to lose the feature entirely. &nbsp;I'm thinking we should disable it again on Linux.

---

Source file: bitcoin-forum-satoshi-nakamoto.tgz

External link: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=299.msg2908#msg2908
