# Re: What happens when network is split for prolonged time and reconnected?

Post by: satoshi on August 03, 2010, 10:45:07 PM

creighto: I agree with that idea. &nbsp;After a few hours, it should be possible for the client to notice if the flow of blocks has dropped off by more than would be likely just by chance. &nbsp;It could tell if it's not hearing the hum of the world anymore.

Quote from: knightmb on August 03, 2010, 07:02:13 PM

> Quote from: gavinandresen on August 03, 2010, 06:38:44 PM
>
>> Or if the split lasted long enough (more than 100 blocks), transactions that involve generated coins on the shorter chain would be invalid at the merge.
>
> Interesting info, so other than some double-spending issues, as long as the block chain isn't separated for more than 100 or so blocks (or 16+ hours),

In practice, splits are likely to be very asymmetrical. &nbsp;It would be hard to split the world down the middle. &nbsp;More likely it would be a single country vs the rest of the world, lets say a 1:10 split. &nbsp;In that case, it would take the minority fork 10 times as long to generate 100 blocks, so about 7 days. &nbsp;Also it would be super easy for the client to realize it's hearing way too few blocks and something must be wrong.

Quote from: knightmb on August 03, 2010, 07:02:13 PM

> If there a hard coded limit on split delay? Meaning if I had a small network split from the public network, spent some coin around, came back a few days later and got them sync up to the public network (other than coin generation if it happened) transactions should be fine?

There's no time limit. &nbsp;Assuming you weren't spending coins generated in the minority fork, or spending someone's double-spends you received, your transactions can get into the other chain at any time later.

---

Source file: bitcoin-forum-satoshi-nakamoto.tgz

External link: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=661.msg7356#msg7356
