# Re: Gentoo Linux Ebuild

Post by: satoshi on August 27, 2010, 12:49:43 AM

Try -datadir=

Last time I tried $(shell /usr/bin/wx-config), there was immediate hollering about build problems with it. &nbsp;There wasn't time to investigate at the time.

One problem with $(shell /usr/bin/wx-config) is it will pick up any version (wx 2.8 ) and any configuration (non-UTF-8 ) of wxWidgets that happens to be there. &nbsp;-lwx_gtk2ud-2.9 only matches the right configuration. &nbsp;It fails if wxWidgets was built with the wrong configuration.

Quote

> Iirc, chatting in #wxwidgets on freenode, the devs there were baffled why that was used.

Did they say why they were baffled?

Quote

> This is because on my system the path is /usr/include/wx-2.9/wx/wx.h

Why is it there? &nbsp;Was it included by the OS, or did you have to build it? &nbsp;If you built it, I wonder why it would put itself in a different place.


Has wxWidgets 2.9 finally started to become available as a debian package?

Maybe we should do this:

INCLUDEPATHS= \ <br>
&nbsp;-I"/usr/local/include/wx-2.9" \ <br>
&nbsp;-I"/usr/local/lib/wx/include/gtk2-unicode-debug-static-2.9" \ <br>
&nbsp;-I"/usr/include/wx-2.9" \ <br>
&nbsp;-I"/usr/lib/wx/include/gtk2-unicode-debug-static-2.9"

Again, those paths help make sure it's only 2.9 and will fail with 2.8.

wxWidgets 2.8 comes in ANSI and UTF-16, both wrong for us. &nbsp;It's tempting because it's so easily available as a package; a lot of people were frustrated by it until we started hardcoding 2.9 into the makefile.

---

Source file: bitcoin-forum-satoshi-nakamoto.tgz

External link: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=930.msg11342#msg11342
