# Re: Some testing that I did on the testnetwork, my findings.

Post by: satoshi on November 14, 2010, 04:53:19 PM<br>
Last edit: November 14, 2010, 05:15:52 PM by satoshi

Quote from: ByteCoin on November 13, 2010, 11:55:11 PM

> Of course, if the network is not being flooded and you're not overly concerned about the current transaction getting held up then it's probably worth preferring to use your 0 conf transactions so that you can "save" the higher priority coins for when the network is being flooded.

You should use at least some priority in case a flood comes along before the next block.

As long as all dependencies have at least 1 conf, if the transaction doesn't have enough priority at first, the dependencies will age until it does.

Quote

> Gaming the system &nbsp;by including 1000 or so recently turned over BTC to bump the priority as described in my post above still works of course!

Or managing how much priority you spend on a transaction. &nbsp;The software would have to know your future plans to know whether to spend your priority now or save it for later. &nbsp;I don't think we'll need to get into that much detail though. &nbsp;There's a wide enough difference between normal users and flooders.

Priority doesn't have to do everything. &nbsp;Once you know there's a flood, you can add -paytxfee=0.01. &nbsp;Hopefully with priority, your transactions before that should be at worst slow, not stuck.

---

Source file: bitcoin-forum-satoshi-nakamoto.tgz

External link: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1668.msg21959#msg21959
